Add CHANGELOG for v0.16.0 (#34)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-guardrails: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.16.0 [2024-02-05]

_Enhancements_

> - Updated all the tables to use dynamic columns. ([#30](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-guardrails/pull/30))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated all the tables to fetch the column data using hydrate functions to optimize the API calls and increase query speed when querying specific columns. ([#30](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-guardrails/pull/30))
```
